magic is information

Ravi makes a mistake by not listening to kids early on, leading to one of their deaths. He blames himself for it.
he finds his solution in a wrongful death, where he had the option to live.
This teaches ravi to not do good, and quit, but to always try, and do better.

chaos lord (traveler?) creates information by stirring up normalcy
deus arrives at camp hollow with gemini, he does not shoot slaughter. he steps over a PC after knocking them prone.
There is a safety-anti-teleport spell over the moon facility. (forbiddance)
The party learns goldenblood was controlled to create Horizons, they learn of the weapon created to destroy Tom. The party finds a terminal to the lunar palace, locked by goldenblood.
tapa is tumeaux's daughter. she doesn't know it. she doesn't know her father
Sarn is being rebuilt by several templar from the research effort
Ravi's condition escalates following the deus encounter, he has a tumor in his eyesocket. This can be discovered at thunderhead
Watcher can appear to stop a suicide.

aarakocra made boats, but never docks, because they can fly to land


At camp hollow ,Relly and Fiddles, Morning Star returns, she has been exiled as an antigrite, and a fake.
Tumeaux wants to join the party on the seahorse. He invites Tapa, to help maintain the vessel. He can reveal she is his unknown daughter.

Gemini > Deus > Watcher observes the party "you're doing a lot of good, even if you don't see it", he motivates ravi (this has happened before) SPLIT PATH

(where can we get good medical? The necklace says to go to Thunderhead, Diamong dogs have an excellent medical artificer with them, she can work wonders with Adamant, its kathrid's head in a jar)

Diamong Dogs > Reconcile the dispute w/ elves
Sarn > Find rain's weapon on the way (flying low to avoid detection, and pegasus confrontation, find an orb explaining goldenblood being manipulated to create horizons, and how he asks elgenheimer to create a weapon to stop it. "that much flux contamination will kill you goldie" "I deserve the end it will give me, and must stop Tom"

>Party sees the new tank-deus at some point.

If Sarn is not visited, they will need materials from the other location.
The seahorse flies through high ennervation, grounds it temporarily.
(when returning, get chased into the warehouse, hearbreaker, flasher , and candlewick(brandon) are chasing them (candlewick remembers them from old morlin and halts the attack) They then defend from the harbingers and their tank.

>Ravi escalates further, needs immediate operation
>slaughter and ravi mangled scene on seahorse

Ravi is augmented with "a heart of moonstone", his limbs are replaced with a white ceramic.


>Dwarf encounter in pinehill, establish their political situation, and great resources.
>Battle for Camp Hollow. with dawn, deus, and 
>warriors of griffonstone

Thunderhead > Encounter Castellanus, Sirroco, Blizzard. Slaughter tells them to prepare to be boarded after "you will be guided onboard for interrogation".
>encounter disguised traveler in special stealth-suit
>meet chicanery
>fight lighthooves and operator
>thrown in pegasus jail, shackled in bonds that prevent casting of spells.
>slaughter has been here before. His punishment was death
>find prophet's memory orb
>antigra breaks the party out, takes home
>chicanery is here, she is known as "grandma"
>Lighthooves stole the perceptitron
>disease affects pegasi now
>pegasus civil war begins
>a huge tower in morlin is going to fire out projectiles containing the disease
>Hurricane and Sirocco are defending it, Castellanus, galeforce, and hurricane, are attacking.
>Slaughter fires himself out of a cannon into one to pass the anti-flyer defenses "I can take it down myself"
>Fight with operator and lighthooves over the missile controls.
>I have a megaspell

>Thunderhead arc completes and the party is flung down into morlin after the megaspell.

>2 months later script
>Cloudship "The Slaughter"
>the pecos trying to fight out the harbingers and newly found "brood of amadi"
>Camp Hollow building up slightly, hating the haze and lack of light.

>morlin escape arc, ravi missing, party finds his necklace.
>Slaughter finds them, reunites them with ravi.
>observe nightseer taking the soul of Selena from a ritual, and placing it in herself.
>slaughter is walking with nightseer
>echo guides the party into nightseer's trap in exchange for his life in a new blank body.
>Nightseer has Ravi try and activate horizons (ravi does so to save the party and grace). She thinks the password was set by goldenblood, instead it was set by a more basic spell in Ravi's village. He thinks he knows it.
>The Command Megaspell fails to activate. Project Horizon's activates.
>Nightseer put's ravi's soul into the necklace "I want that powerful divine magic you have, I will be taking your body".
>She then takes ravi's upgraded body.
>discord intervenes, "you're just a sex robot made by doctor blood, you're haywire, not even one of the dead goddess' sockpuppets, now you think you're the queen?". This distracts nightseer while-
>Shears, and the dwarven heir Grace. Grace carries shears' skull to the Sibl, he uses the immense power to force ravi's soul out of the necklace.
>discord dies, nightseer tells her plan to lighthooves. "We'll get to the moon, and modify the trajectory into the shields. properly calibrated, we'll have power forever."
::: We can alter the trajectory and cause horizons to fail, or let it strike the starmetal Sibl, or into the fade shields. :::
>Nightseer leaves with slaughter, letting ravi die at the hands of lighthooves.
>Grace frees the party, as the skull of shears' explodes.
>the party fights lighthooves in his starmetal armor.



TARAN NOTE

“Captain,

     I need you to completely trust me with what I am about to tell you. Sidney, our new Aasimar companion, is not to be trusted. She is more than likely wholeheartedly working for the enemy. Fairly soon I will be sending you The Matrix through the scroll case. I need you to lock it up, hide it, do whatever you need to do to keep it out of the hands of the enemy. Eventually, if all goes well, I will return to the ship to discuss further plans. If myself or anyone else returns to the ship and asks for The Matrix without saying the phrase “Fear not the night” then assume them an enemy. I know this is sudden and may feel like overkill but we are in a very dangerous situation. If everything goes according to plan I will contact you as soon as possible. I may suddenly call on you for assistance. I hope you and your crew can be vigilant in this time of need. 

Your companion,

Taran Cresthill

PS: Memorize the pass-phrase and then burn this letter. Only you and those with truesight can read this letter. Be paranoid, be careful, and be observant.”