the party must have found goldenblood's notes about how the templar legends were wrong.
the void wasn't attracted to magic, it was pursuing this fallen star.


ruins 1-2
finds: scrawlings of the arcane, ruined scrolls, safe

underground ruins 2-3
finds : rot, water at bottom, destroyed hole in floor where water drips over a void.
a delivery invoice, to goldenblood, for 1000 glass jars. Goldenblood regrets the decision.

grimyard 4-6 light ennervation, 
small patches of broken glass, and fragmented bedrock. ruined passageway, leads into the open area below

black lagoon 5-8 light ennervation throughout, ruined flux
dead but preserved in open air and water, trees. lack of rot. mutated apples grow on the trees, and explode as they fall off.
poison joke grows here. sentient plant that curses people in inconventient ways.

magic lagoon 7-10 pockets of ennervation, magic flux. leaking aquaducts with magic pumps that lead deeper.


templar improvement facility 10-13, no ennervation, pure flux, melting room, project chimera facility, and project eternity notes.
slaughter recognizes drawings in the notes. Its the marble tower, far north. he has flashbacks.
goldenblood robot room boss.

megaspell chamber - after several melted rooms.
impossible to tell where flesh began and metal ended. room moving. Eyes were bulging.  Mouths were opened in one long scream.
players affected by the corrupted flux will have their bodies physically respond to the room, and attempt to scream.
passing a check prevents them from screaming for a time. If they fail once, they vomit, a second fail they begin to scream
then they begin to melt into the room, dropping to 0hp, then making death saving throws.
they cannot be stabilized, they must be removed.
if a player asks questions to them, they won't have to make saving rolls until the question is answered.
players resisting are accused of not joining the choir. 
Playing any music will cease the room scream and save affected players, the room's components become lucid and request death.
Slaughter as Dr. Tarot, can make a magic bomb to kill them.
information to be gained here is that lacuna and slaughter are false choirs.
Radiarc - Ex Machina


Fabrication room with incredible ennervation. there is a dull blue silvery metal here that seems to be in the process of moudling into other shapes
there is a box of this metal. magically sensitive characters can hear a note hum from it.

Extraction room. Large central chamber with an encapsulated statue containing the god of chaos.
corrosive pink cloud under catwalks, where machines lurk
opening here causes drills to begin extracting flux from the center. this causes the god to begin talking.
he is encased in starmetal.
he hates mortals.

Crimgon, Dr. Trueblood, will be standing with a griffon wearing ravi's necklace.
She will be struggling to open the door under his order.
There are numerous elves and griffons here

Crimgon is motivated by the forces of Amadi. He will unleash retrievers into the vault if Trueblood fails.
This is hinted at by the elven presence.


